Github link: https://github.com/SimChadha/cs4520-assg4

Run project:
To run this project, open the project in Android studio and select an emulator to run the app on.
If not done already, clean the project. Before running the app, make sure you have run
the proper gradle tasks when the IDE prompts at the top.
From there, run the app from Android studio using the default configuration to start to app.
The default configuration will run on the module Assignment4.app.main and will launch the
default activity (or MainActivity if you'd prefer to specify).

First open the app and confirm the app fetches the data from the API or displays the correct text
error message if the API is down or returns no products. After the products display, close the app
and turn off internet on your device. Open the app back up and log in. Even though there is no
internet, the app should load the results from the previous query.

Project Overview:

The app allows users to sign in with the credentials "admin" for both fields. From there, users
can view and scroll through a list of products in the dataset.

The project uses the structure from assignment 2 except we get data from an API using Retrofit.
We get the data from the API using our new ApiService set up to grab data from the endpoint
and return it to our app. Our ViewModel initiates the data query from the API and afterwards stores
the result in a live data. Finally, the view fragment observers this live data in the view model
and updates its own UI accordingly when a change is detected.

Finally, we also store the API data in our Room database. Whenever we successfully query the Products
from the API, we also store the results in our Room database (found in Product.kt). Then, on
subsequent opens of the app, if we cannot reach the API due to a lack of internet connection,
the app will simply display the data from the db. The app also displays a text error on the
products screen for when there are no products from the API call and when the API is generally
unavailable (such as if it returns an error)